# 1 heading
## 2 heading
### 3 heading
<p>with p tag:     Description: The Alexa Skills Kit provides Self service API’s and tools which are used to build Alexa skills. We built a skill with custom interaction model so that the Alexa device provides us with information about the events conducted on the Northwest Missouri state university campus. We have also used AWS Lambda provided by Amazon which supports the code written in node.js. The endpoint links the intents and utterances that we have set up in the Amazon Developer console to the lambda function which will control how your skill responds to that intent from the user. Lambda executes the code in response to Alexa voice interactions. Alexa communicates with your service via a request-response mechanism using HTTP over TLS (Transport Layer Security). </p>

    Description: The Alexa Skills Kit provides Self service API’s and tools which are used to build Alexa skills. We built a skill with custom interaction model so that the Alexa device provides us with information about the events conducted on the Northwest Missouri state university campus. We have also used AWS Lambda provided by Amazon which supports the code written in node.js. The endpoint links the intents and utterances that we have set up in the Amazon Developer console to the lambda function which will control how your skill responds to that intent from the user. Lambda executes the code in response to Alexa voice interactions. Alexa communicates with your service via a request-response mechanism using HTTP over TLS (Transport Layer Security). 